# Biograpghy
Jonathan-Moore-Biograpghy

My family is from Johnson City TN. we moved to Atlanta Ga for 5 years. while my dad was manager of McDonalds and offered a francise. He later worked in Building materials with a company owned by Fidelity investments. before he retired. We moved back to the Tri-Cities TN/Va We lived in 2 large houses before my mother became ill and we had to move into a condo. My first school was Sullins Academy. I went to St. Annes and Hollins Communications in Roanoke Va where I was Dianosed with a lateral Lisp. I went to Viginia High School ant took AP English, AP Biology and 4 years of Latin. My first girlfriend was Michelle Hall. My first job was at Grand Piano Downtown Bristol, TN/VA I began my professional career right out of high school in technical support and development as a Macromedia User Group then later worked for Adobe and FreeBSD volunteer and contributor. At the same time pursuing my associates and bachelors in computer science .I graduated summa cum laude from Tenn. Tech and a UVa alumni.  I was also a web developer for the UVa-Wise Magazine. And Vice President of the ACM Wise Chapter I was a 2003 MSDN Studenrt Ambassador and VHCC Scholar with award 3.5 GPA. My complete discography is available on Bandcamp. I'm a BMI writer and publisher. I went to #1 in Ambient on Reverbnation in 2019. And developed some small VST's and Rack Extensions for Reason Studios.  I recently became a Microsoft Visual Studio industry partner.  I'm in the Virginia and National Associations for the Gifted since 2011 And IEEE Computer Society also a member of the Mensa High IQ society on LinkedIn I'm in the Windows CE Embedded Shared Source Program from 2003-present. I am wanting to pursue gifted studies at the University of Connecticut maybe. I scored a 140 on the Mensa mobile app. . I'm an INTJ- T top 2 percent of the global population. I'm Irish, German, Ashkenazi Jewish, Mediterranean (Tuscany) and Southwest Asian primate haplogroup's H3G1 and RZ-9. 
(R-Z9) H3G1 has a lot of protective alleles. Rare in Eastern Europe and haplogroup mtDNA R is Ashkenazi Jewish but Irish Jewish. and 1.6% Neanderthal And 2.6% Denisovan. Below the National Average of 2.4% . I was diagnosed with pychosis in 2001 but have a normal MRI.
Moral, Loyal, Educated, Computer Science, Music, and Reading, I am a Moore #1 Irish pedigree. and Heritage activist. Microsoft Partner and in Adobe contract. Royal Society of the Arts Fellow. I don't believe in making a persons heritage extinct only forward and extant. I frequently read Burke's Peerage. And I also know society is zero sum and will only go to fairs. I received straight A's in computer science in college at Tenn Tech and a 3.0 at UVa. 